How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
Throughout this course, I have tried to keep my code as maintainable as possible, since for the most part, we were working toward completing this final project by integrating all of our assignments together. With that in mind, I feel that by coding modularly and reusing bits of code when I can, I am starting to build good foundational habits that should carry over into the real word. I could use the CRUD python module in the future for the same application here. If I ever need to test or integrate some database with a user interface, then I will have a good place to start and work on expanding the already existing python module I have to be more applicable in the future. 


How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I usually approach projects by starting with a design of the programs functionalities. This could be anything from a full blown UML state diagram, or just a simple list of functionalities and a rough sketch of how I want to layout the project. For this class, I relied heavily on the mongo resources to help frame the queries to create the database and eventually in creating the Python module for integrating the CRUD features. I think I will also, when I do full-stack development in the future, work from the back to front end like this course did. It makes more sense working from the database to the interface, rather than the other way around for me.


What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists work at the pinnacle of technological innovation to improve peoples daiy lives. In an ever connected world, the computer scientist is becoming more and more essential in helping maintain the average joe's quality of life. Everything from patching smartphones, to maintaining websites, computer scientists are responsible for some of the most important and obsessive facets of everday life. This project, in particular, showcases how computer scientists can also help increase a company's efficiency and finances by greatly reducing the time it takes to find potential animals for training.
